                                                                   WHITE PAPER
                                                                      2022
                                                                     SAAW
                                                        SAFE ANIMAL AROUND THE WORLD
                                                      MANIFEST AND PHILOSOPHY OF SAAW
1: This token does not guarantee profits on the Blockchain network.

2: The total supply is 100 million. in 2022, 22 million SAAW units
(as many as the number of all animal species existing in the world) will be put up for sale. 
Production and incineration will not take place.

3: The main purpose is to protect animals and nature.

4: To create a living space for them, protecting the rights of 
unclaimed animals and other animals that have become a serious problem in society.

5: Establishing veterinary clinics, animal hospitals and animal shelters with 
the name SAAW under the umbrella of SAAW worldwide with 60% of the total supply Revenue; 
it will be used to protect the natural habitats of animals.

6: Those who invest and hold the SAAW token (price and amount will be updated continuously)for at least 6 months
will benefit from special benefits from clinics, SAAW clinics and SAAW animal hospitals 
that have contracted their own animals.

7: 8.7 Million SAAW will be put up for sale every five years, with an announcement one month in advance.

8: In the total supply: The team's share is 10%; development is 12%; market is 60%; 
business partners are 5%; for advertising, the requirement of 3% takenomi will be adopted.

9: For every 500 million marketcap increase, private investments will be made for animals 
and societies and the investor holding the SAAW will decide what should be done.

10: I Am L.B.NUSH, I hereby declare this manifesto to all investors and the world
as the unchangeable and unconditional policy of the SAAW cryptocurrency.

L.B.NUSH
Founder /CEO
KADIKÖY/İSTANBUL
